hello everybody
welcome to my channel today i am going
to explain an excellent irish horror
comedy film called extraordinary
at the beginning of the film we hear a
narration by one paranormal expert
called vincent dooley vincent says
ghosts are all around us
most hauntings are so small that we fail
to notice them
like pens moving in a pen stand movement
of stones shaking of dustbins
etc here vincent was a paranormal expert
he used to make documentaries about the
same
he was famous on tv with his program
called vincent dooley's investigating
the extraordinary
rose daughter of vincent used to work on
this show as an assistant
rose here had an unusual talent she
could see ghosts and communicate with
them
she could even send them to the
afterlife when rose was still young
she accidentally killed her father
during one exorcism session
from then onward she had left the job of
ghost helping
now rose used to live alone she had a
driving school
a magpie bird used to hover over rose's
house every day
which was annoying rose people who were
tormented by ghosts were calling her for
consultation
she was ignoring them as she was not
interested in that job anymore
people knew about her as she was famous
in her childhood
now rose gets a call from one guy named
martin
martin was fed up with his dead wife
bonnie bonnie's ghost had been with him
for the last eight years
he could hear her voice bonnie was
troubling him
controlling his choice controlling his
food throughout the day
even after death she was harassing her
husband
martin here had no choice but to obey
her martin's daughter sarah was also
frustrated with her mom's ghost here
she finally gives an ultimatum to her
dad she tells her dad to get rid of her
mom's ghost
or else she will run away from their
house martin meets rose in disguise as a
car learner
he tells her all his problem he was a
good guy who was in real trouble
rose here refuses to help as she doesn't
want to take risk with anyone's life
but rose here gets attracted to martin
as he was charming and sincere
on the other hand we see a rock musician
named christian winter who was giving an
interview in his castle
christian's debut album was a hit which
made him an overnight celebrity
after that one hit album the rest of all
his albums were slam dunk
he was famous as a one-time wonder guy
he was financially broke
he was also a devil worshiper where he
had kidnapped a young virgin girl
he was planning to sacrifice her to the
devil for financial gains
his wife claudia was a bit stupid dumb
hot-headed and never listened to
christian's words
now just for fun claudia interrupts
christian's ritual and kills the virgin
girl
christian wanted to sacrifice that girl
on tomorrow's blood moon night
but now he no longer had a virgin girl
this rod was some sort of a virgin
detecting tech from the past
lol christian divination road brings him
to martin's store where sarah was
working part-time
he tricks sarah there takes some of her
hair and goes back to his castle
in the evening he does some satanic
ritual with it
due to which sarah starts floating in
her house martin was shocked after
seeing this
he thinks that this might be bonnie's
work so in a panic he calls rose and
begs her
rose agrees to help him this time as she
takes an old vcr cassette and a small tv
set from her dad's room
she goes to martin's house at martin's
house
rose shows him an old episode from her
dad's tv show
there a goat was floating in mid-air she
calls it bloating
as in goat plus float equal to gloating
anyway
rose says this virgin goat is under the
influence of a satanic spell
that's why it's floating at the time of
the blood moon
it will flow towards the person who has
cast the spell
if someone awakens this goat in a state
then it will explode
on tv we see that goat getting exploded
as someone awakens it
here the total lunar eclipse was called
a blood moon because at that time the
color of the moon turns reddish
rose here says that someone has cast a
spell on sarah that's why she is
floating
she casts a counter-holding spell on
sarah to prevent her from leaving this
house
she also says that to get rose
completely out of that spell she needs
ectoplasma of some ghosts
when the wandering ghosts leave this
earth and go to the afterlife
they leave behind a substance called
ectoplasma
by applying this substance on sarah's
face one could truly free her
here martin too had the ability to hear
and communicate with ghosts as he was
hearing his dead wife's nonsense voice
all day
martin agreed to become a medium for
ghosts christian and claudia were
waiting for sarah's body outside
martin's house
but it was not coming christian comes to
know about the holding spell
he hears rosa's explanation he calls her
a witch
he starts chasing martin and rose as
they were about to go on a ghost hunting
rose was receiving calls daily from many
people who were tormented by ghosts or
paranormal activities
this night she picked up one such call
where one lady was complaining
lady says my dustbin is making all sorts
of noise without anybody touching it
it's making me scared rose examines that
ben
the ghost of that lady's ex-husband who
was living in that bin
she commands that ghost to possess
martin as he was the medium
here we see martin suddenly change into
a possessed man
that ghost and this lady starts
bickering again at each other
later rose sends the ghost into the
afterlife by chanting some spells
martin spews ectoplasma as the ghost
leaves the body
rose collects that substance in a bottle
it's disgusting i mean really disgusting
christian was observing all this
silently from a distance
next day he invites rose to his castle
again
in a disguise as a car learner he needed
rosa's hair to cast a spell on her
he had vehiphobia fear of driving that's
why he could not drive even after
repeated encouragement from rose
but here he collects rose's hair by
tricking her
just as he did with sarah rose was a fan
of his song
she did not know his reality at night
rose watches his dad's old videos he was
warning about something
she starts to lose her confidence she
narrates her history to martin
one day she and her dad went to help a
lady whose dog had died in a pothole
vincent thought this was a small case
hence he asked rose to handle it
rose was still a child she was not sure
she refused it but vincent was adamant
he makes her do it she commands the dog
spirit into vincent's body
but to her shock there was another ghost
that ghost was now in vincent's body too
due to which vincent starts behaving
abnormally he starts roaming around
making barking sounds as a child rose
forgot her incantation
vincent stumbles in front of a moving
truck he gets crushed and dies
at that precise movement we hear a
magpie bird chipping
now rose says to martin i might not be
the right person to remove sarah's spell
i left this type of ghost haunting
activities years ago
i even accidentally killed my father
here rose was really scared
martin tries his best to pursue her he
advises her to forget her past and move
on
to which rose counters him says he has
not moved on with his dead wife
still taking orders from her like a
scared man martin gets rosa's logic
he stops taking orders from bonnie he
starts making his own choice
at night rosa's sister sailor arrives at
martin's house
she was pregnant she was here to keep an
eye on sarah as rose and martin were
going out to collect ectoplasma from
other ghosts
christian at his castle was doing some
sort of ritual to remove roses holding
spell on sarah
martin and sarah collect lots of
ectoplasma from different ghosts
these ghosts were the relatives and
friends of people who were calling rose
for help
now rose needed just one more ectoplasma
she commands bonnie's spirit into martin
bonnie was furious as she didn't want to
leave martin
she starts arguing with rose just then
the holding spell on sarah breaks
she starts moving while floating she was
going towards christian's castle
bonnie who was possessing martin at this
point curses rose
at martin's house sailor's boyfriend
brain was also there
here we again see a magpie bird it crash
lands on martin's doorstep
rose interprets this as a sign she asks
everyone to follow that bird
everybody was following that bird with
martin's car as sarah was floating on
the road
christian and claudia were also
following sarah their car was just
behind sarah
rose was in disbelief as she expected
christian to be a devil worshiper
bonnie runs towards christian she
attacks him during their fight martin's
finger gets chopped off
upon reaching the castle christian first
kills his wife as she was too annoying
he makes the necessary preparation rose
and the gang arrive at his castle too
but they were late christian opens a
giant hole which sucks sarah in
but after a few minutes sarah's body was
thrown out that hole
we see a huge figure of satan lord
asteroth coming out of that hole
asteroth says to christian this is no
virgin you have betrayed me
by this point bonnie had freed martin
from possession for whom this was
shocking news
he thought her as an innocent girl but
it turned out she was quite a naughty
one
asteroth was now aiming at rose as she
was the true virgin
this news was shocking as well as
everybody thought otherwise
asteroth starts to drag rose in his hole
rose asks martin to be intimate with her
on the floor as this would no longer
make her a virgin
martin agrees and does the job christian
tries to stop them
sarah kicks him into that well meanwhile
sailor goes into labor and gives birth
to a baby boy
frustrated asteroth disappears with
disappointment
the magpie bird was injured during this
process
rose thinks that there might be a ghost
in it too as otherwise
no bird could do what it did she
commands a ghost again into martin
it was vincent rose's dad after his
death he possessed the nearby bird
that's why on that day a magpie bird
screamed
vincent says sorry to rose as it was his
fault he being an adult made a bad
decision of allowing exorcism from a kid
it left a trauma on rose which made her
live in guilt and unhappiness
vincent asks rose to move on sailor here
names her baby boy vincent
bonnie agrees to move into the afterlife
after three months
martin proposes to rose they both start
a new ghost hunting venture called
extraordinary
this is a movie that is both a
first-rate rom-com and a first-rate
horror movie and manages never to trip
on its own ambitions
it is full of irish rye wit and the
efforts of lead actors are all endearing
and outstanding in their roles
there are plenty of bloodsheds and
comedic acts
this irish supernatural comedy is
definitely worth watching
talking about why christian's divination
rod picked sarah as a virgin
well it was 800 years old at that time
there was no concept of a gay or lesbian
virgin
intimacy was always between a man and
woman
sarah was a lesbian she was not a virgin
hence old rod still took her as a virgin
asteroth kicked her out of the hole as
he correctly sensed her mischief
i really enjoyed this film i hope you do
too
if you are new to the channel then
please subscribe and like
thanks for watching take care